Update telemetry information (#2243)
FerretDB/FerretDB: website/docs/telemetry.md

Telemetry reporting is always disabled for [embedded FerretDB](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/FerretDB/FerretDB/ferretdb)
and can't be configured.

:::info

> Despite the autogenerated message by `mongosh` on telemetry collection, please note that no data will be shared with MongoDB Inc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite the autogenerated message by `mongosh` regarding MongoDB's free cloud-based monitoring service, please note that no data will ever be shared with MongoDB Inc.
```

Reviewer: They don't ever refer to their service as telemetry, so it's slightly confusing to read. Hence the suggestion. Also, it connects to the `test` collection when you connect to your instance.

Author: Great suggestion! Thanks 🙌🏽

> Despite the autogenerated message by `mongosh` on telemetry collection, please note that we do not share any usage data with MongoDB.

Reviewer 2: maybe "Please note that no data will be shared with MongoDB Inc." would be better

Author: Should I remove the part about mongosh?
